API / TYPOGRAPHY CANDIDATE 15b7faa87361 — NOT ADOPTED

This is an isolated test candidate. It does not change the repository's default
restore entry, active distribution, README, or Actions configuration.

Required base
  Fully restore and verify public commit
  f630fc4ff92143f7add7d36907c317d709600e61 into an isolated project directory.
  The restored main.gd must have SHA-256:
  2b05911a1bcde48b10a54e8d1475ef62c66aea84ff8c7f5b7cdc3052eaf9fc93
  This is the restored Main, not the older recovery-base Main visible at the
  repository root before restoration. A native/Library distribution is not a
  substitute for this public base.

Download this directory's payload.zip.b64, apply_candidate.py, manifest.json and
this guide from one fixed, verified commit. Keep them together outside the game
project. Use Python 3.10 or newer; only the standard library is required.

Close the game/editor for the isolated target, then run:
  python apply_candidate.py --project "<isolated-public-project>" --check
  python apply_candidate.py --project "<isolated-public-project>" --apply
  python apply_candidate.py --project "<isolated-public-project>" --check

To return the five known source paths to the exact base:
  python apply_candidate.py --project "<isolated-public-project>" --rollback

The tool checks the frozen package, exact source preimages and protected public
files before writing. The payload contains five production scripts, an exact
Main preimage, the original production manifest and the readable Main patch.
Only the five production paths are applied. Source bytes are preserved exactly.
The API/typography candidate does not add actor/status upgrades, replace game
authority data, migrate saves, or install font assets.

The two longstanding public identity files and the entry Save guard remain
unchanged. No credentials, saved API settings, user data or Library files are
part of this package. The installer does not use Library helpers or xattrs.

An already-applied candidate is a zero-write operation. Unknown changes are
refused. Rollback removes only recognized added candidate files and restores
the known Main preimage; it will not overwrite unrecognized user edits.
Ordinary write failures are journaled and rolled back where the written images
are still recognized. This is not a power-loss durability or concurrent-writer
transaction guarantee. Do not run competing installers against the same target.

Runtime test boundary
  Use a new, isolated Godot user-data directory. Do not use existing journeys,
  saved settings or real API credentials for background acceptance.
  Any test-only attachment is separate from these five production files. Its
  manifest states its own validation status. A supplied but unexecuted test is
  not a passed FullMain, startup, scene, network or Windows acceptance result.
  Formal adoption requires the separate acceptance decision after local tests.

Do not rerun the base's default restorer over an applied candidate: the changed
Main is intentionally outside the base manifest and will be refused. Roll back
this candidate first if you want to verify the original public base again.

Windows portability
  This candidate tool uses forward-slash serialization only for trusted internal
  relative Path objects. Untrusted archive names containing backslashes, drive
  syntax, traversal or Windows aliases are refused. It does not modify or invoke
  the older default restore helper; any base-restorer portability maintenance is
  a separate change.
